Containerized Docker Application Lifecycle - 03.1 (#10604)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/containerized-lifecycle-architecture/Microsoft-platform-tools-containerized-apps/index.md

- **DevOps for Docker Apps** Developers creating Docker applications can use [Azure DevOps Services](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/devops/) or any other third-party product, like Jenkins, to build out a comprehensive automated application life-cycle management (ALM).

>   With Azure DevOps Services, developers can create container-focused DevOps for a fast, iterative process that covers source-code control from anywhere (Azure DevOps Services-Git, GitHub, any remote Git repository, or Subversion), Continuous Integration (CI), internal unit tests, inter container/service integration tests, Continuous Delivery (CD), and release management (RM). Developers also can automate their Docker application releases into Azure Container Service, from development to staging and production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With Azure DevOps Services, developers can create container-focused DevOps for a fast, iterative process that covers source-code control from anywhere (Azure DevOps Services-Git, GitHub, any remote Git repository, or Subversion), Continuous Integration (CI), internal unit tests, inter-container/service integration tests, Continuous Delivery (CD), and release management (RM). Developers also can automate their Docker application releases into Azure Container Service, from development to staging and production environments.
```

> - IT production management and monitoring.

Reviewer: This should follow the same format as the previous bulleted list items. "IT production management and monitoring." should be bolded, there should be no paragraph break between the bolded text and "Management IT can manage.., and "Management" in "Management IT..." should not be bolded.

Author: Ok, I'll rearrange this after committing the suggestions.

  **Management** IT can manage production applications and services in several ways:

  - **Azure portal** If you're using open-source orchestrators, Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), Service Fabric and other orchestrators help you to set up and maintain your Docker environments. If you're using Azure Service Fabric, the Service Fabric Explorer tool makes it possible for you to visualize and configure your cluster.

  - **Docker tools** You can manage your container applications using familiar tools. There's no need to change your existing Docker management practices to move container workloads to the cloud. Use the application management tools you're already familiar with and connect via the standard API endpoints for the orchestrator of your choice. You also can use other third-party tools to manage your Docker applications, such as Docker Datacenter or even CLI Docker tools. 

>     Even if you are familiarized with Linux commands you can manage your container applications using Microsoft Windows and PowerShell with a Linux Subsystem command line and the products (Docker, Kubernetes…) clients running on this Linux Subsystem capability. You will learn more about using these tools under Linux Subsystem using your favorite Microsoft Windows OS later in this book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Even if you're familiar with Linux commands, you can manage your container applications using Microsoft Windows and PowerShell with a Linux Subsystem command line and the products (Docker, Kubernetes…) clients running on this Linux Subsystem capability. You will learn more about using these tools under Linux Subsystem using your favorite Microsoft Windows OS later in this book.
```
